hey I'm creamy and I'm quick and you're
watching premium red
I know you guys were getting closer to
kinky curl book it's all about that
permit I've honey girl back up this
Asheville can't his old I gotta go to
God I gotta go to salon this weekend my
pay they came in but the land I got to
wait child support just came in below Oh
mommy I need some new shoes girl i'ma
buy you some cash for the store next
week this is for some budget let me down
please you stupid but you the package
we're much half the book bags ready
what's her didn't come on me iphone know
what's up though hey girl and creamy you
want to go for some nights tonight mmm
mmm I can't go girl I can't i gotta do
this here this here needs to be dead
girl gotta take these nuts mm-hmm i just
bought myself some do it yourself at
home relaxing gonna get this girl on the
box maybe next weekend girl ah what you
means been my hair girl about it
I got my new version from here putting
this morning okay creamy crack right
when you guys you're gonna troll me I
can't do that I can't I'm not gonna look
like you mm-hmm you're here you got that
good here girl see this this is my good
here I need this week I need that
partner I eat my vegetables this is
natural xenogears correct it sounds
decline can I talk to her hair chore
wait fault hey Amy come in the pool
what's taking so long got a girl girls I
can't get my hair wet though just give
me a second give me a second though give
me give me a second you know you guys
enjoy that video and if you think I'll
we'd be looking late you know what to do
like comment subscribe share with all
your friends too and if you want to see
more of us you can kill them on Nick and
Carl and so they can keep their net
sales off you guys can see where it's
not a problem so problem you tell Zach
wanna keep the keys for a second you
know I'll be coming have a talk with you
guys that cloth yeah anyways I guess
who's back okay let me ruin we need our
own in a fan we know everyone so so
until next time guys stay ready
on the wall